* * *

### EventLAB

* * *

# Use-Case Specification: Register

###### Version 1.0

## Table of Contents

- [Use-Case Specification: Register](#use-case-specification-register)
                    - [Version 1.0](#version-10)
    - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [1\. Register](#1-register)
        - [1.1 Brief Description](#11-brief-description)
        - [1.2 Mockup](#12-mockup)
        - [1.3 Screenshot](#13-screenshot)
    - [2\. Flow of Events](#2-flow-of-events)
        - [2.1 Basic Flow](#21-basic-flow)
        - [2.2 Alternative Flows](#22-alternative-flows)
            - [2.2.1](#221)
    - [3\. Special Requirements](#3-special-requirements)
        - [3.1 Functionality](#31-functionality)
        - [3.2 Usability](#32-usability)
        - [3.3 Reliability](#33-reliability)
        - [3.4 Performance](#34-performance)
        - [3.5 Supportability](#35-supportability)
        - [3.6 Design constraints](#36-design-constraints)
        - [3.7 On-line User Documentation and Help System Requirements](#37-on-line-user-documentation-and-help-system-requirements)
        - [3.8 Purchased Components](#38-purchased-components)
        - [3.9 Interfaces](#39-interfaces)
        - [3.10 Licensing Requirements](#310-licensing-requirements)
        - [3.11 Legal, Copyright, and Other Notices](#311-legal-copyright-and-other-notices)
        - [3.12 Applicable Standards](#312-applicable-standards)
    - [4\. Preconditions](#4-preconditions)
    - [5\. Postconditions](#5-postconditions)
    - [6\. Extension Points](#6-extension-points)
    - [7\. Function Points](#7-function-points)
        - [7.1 External Inputs](#71-external-inputs)
        - [7.2 External Outputs](#72-external-outputs)
        - [7.3 External Inquiries](#73-external-inquiries)
        - [7.4 Internal Logical files](#74-internal-logical-files)
        - [7.5 External Interface files](#75-external-interface-files)
        - [7.6 FP Estimation](#76-fp-estimation)

## 1\. Register

### 1.1 Brief Description

The purpose of this use case is to create a new account for a new user to participate. Any guest can enter the registration process by clicking "Register"-button an any page. After filling in the correct user data and sending it with a click on the confirmation button, an automatic message is generated by the system to verify the given email address. It is send to the user email by the system. If guest activates the link in the automatic message, an account is created and a new (private) calender is created for the new user.

### 1.2 Mockup


### 1.3 Screenshot

## 2\. Flow of Events

### 2.1 Basic Flow

### 2.2 Alternative Flows

#### 2.2.1

First Alternative Flow If the "check emails" activity is unsuccessful after a number of repetitions an alternative flow can be chosen.

## 3\. Special Requirements

### 3.1 Functionality

### 3.2 Usability

### 3.3 Reliability

### 3.4 Performance

### 3.5 Supportability

### 3.6 Design constraints

### 3.7 On-line User Documentation and Help System Requirements

### 3.8 Purchased Components

### 3.9 Interfaces

### 3.10 Licensing Requirements

### 3.11 Legal, Copyright, and Other Notices

### 3.12 Applicable Standards

## 4\. Preconditions

## 5\. Postconditions

A new user (and calendar) has been created as a result of this use case.

## 6\. Extension Points

## 7\. Function Points

### 7.1 External Inputs

The only user input, interacting with the internal logic files of the System, is taking place through creating a new user. This interacts with one file (file type reference, or FTR) - User Login-Data file and changes 8 data element types (DET's). Therefore the complexity for this row is low.

### 7.2 External Outputs

The output visible for the user is his registration information when account is created (e-mail). User Login-Data file is interacted with to show this information, but not all of the fields are accessed and displayed. Only email will be shown to the user. Therefore the complexity can be estimated as low.

### 7.3 External Inquiries

There is 1 external inquiries in the use case.

*   1 is an interaction for picking the birth date from a pop-up calendar

Two files are being referenced in this case - a calendar and a User Login-Data table. Each only have a minor amount of data element types referenced. Therefore the complexity is low.

### 7.4 Internal Logical files

### 7.5 External Interface files

### 7.6 FP Estimation
